make formats docs folder, create COCO format documentation (#241)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: docs/formats/pascal_voc_user_manual.md

[official documentation](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2012/dbstats.html)

> Some examples of working with Pascal VOC dataset from code you can found in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More examples of working with Pascal VOC dataset from code can be found in
```
